The text this morning are a collection
of four texts from the book of Proverbs.
These are the words of God.
Proverbs 27:12. A prudent man foreseeth
the evil and hideth himself, but the
simple pass on and are punished.
Then Proverbs 21:5. The thoughts of the
diligent tend only to plenteousness, but
of everyone that is hasty only to want.
Proverbs 24:27.
Prepare thy work without and make it fit
for thyself in the field and afterwards
build thine house.
Proverbs 14:15. The simple believeth
every word, but the prudent man looketh
well to his going.
Our Father and gracious God, we thank
you for your goodness to us. We thank
you that you gathered us into families
and households. We thank you that you've
granted us many children. We thank you
that you have called us to marriage and
the ordinary way. I pray you give us
wisdom as we contemplate how this comes
about and how we are supposed to conduct
ourselves on the way. We pray in Jesus'
name. Amen.
So, to remind you, this is the second in
a series of three messages on
coming of age and life between the sexes
and I'm addressing the young people
directly. Others are invited to listen
in.
Uh next week I'll be at King's Cross and
then the week after we'll conclude uh
the series.
So, it is certainly true that he who
finds a wife finds a good thing.
Proverbs 18:22.
He finds a wife finds a good thing.
18:22. This verse also tells us that a
fortunate man, such a fortunate man, has
obtained favor from the Lord. A man who
gains a wife finds favor from the Lord.
But there are other questions that
accompany this truth, other questions
that arise from it, and they are
questions that do require solid answers.
What kind of a good thing? What kind of
a good thing? What kind of favor from
the Lord?
Good thing, favor from the Lord, all
well and good. What kind of thing? The
answer should be obvious. It is a very
expensive good thing.
That's how it goes, right?
We are going to be looking at the
husbandly duty of provision and this is
a responsibility that has to be
understood in the bones long before the
provision actually has to be provided.
All right? Provision is something uh
provision is something that you don't
just uh happen to collide with and okay,
now I'm now I'm providing. There it has
to it has to involve foresight as we're
going to see. So,
we have a small selection of texts here
that emphasize the high value of
prudence and diligence. The high value
of prudence and diligence. A prudent man
is one who looks down the road, sees
what is likely to come, and so makes
preparations accordingly. He looks down
the road, he sees what's likely to
happen, and he makes preparations
accordingly. The word provide comes from
the Latin pro, which means before or
ahead, and videre, which means to see.
So, providing means seeing ahead. All
right? You look ahead. You anticipate.
To provide is to see ahead of time, to
anticipate, and then to act like you
saw.
Provision helps you to not be blindsided
by the unexpected. Whoa, how did this
happen?
A prudent man anticipates the challenges
and prepares accordingly. A prudent man
anticipates the challenges and prepares
accordingly. Simpletons do not.
And they pay the price. All right?
That's that's Proverbs 27:12. Simpletons
don't think ahead, they pay the price,
and the wise man, the prudent man, the
diligent man, the man who provides, the
man who sees ahead, uh prepares. The
diligent man thinks it through and the
hasty do not think it through.
That is the difference between plenty
and want. Proverbs 21:5. The the hasty
don't think it through and the diligent
man thinks it through. The diligent man
is not just working hard, the diligent
man is working smart. He and working
smart means understanding that there's
such a thing as tomorrow and the day
after tomorrow.
So, preparations for the future need to
be ordered and structured rightly. It's
not just enough to throw preparations
for everything into a jumbled up box.
Proverbs 24:27.
So, you prepare your fields first and
then you build your house. What what
that means is that you have a revenue
stream from the field before you start
spending revenue building the house. You
you the first things first, second
things second, third things third. So,
preparations should go in the right
order. And simpletons believe anything
on a cursory examination and the prudent
man looks well to his going. Proverbs
14:15. The prudent man
turns it over in his hand. The prudent
man reads the fine print. The prudent
man works it through. The simpleton just
glances at it and says it seems good to
me. So, heads up, look well, look
around, look down the road. That's the
summary of these proverbs.
So, let me tell you a short parable.
Suppose I was talking to a young man
around 17 years old or so. He's a senior
in high school, about to graduate. He
gets good grades and he has a half-time
job as a barista.
He's seeking my advice about a girl he
is sweet on, which happens to me
regularly in springtime.
The guy says, "Should I call her
so-and-so's dad?" He's seeking my advice
on this. And he asks, "When would be a
good time to talk to her dad?"
In the middle of the conversation, I
appear to change the subject somewhat
abruptly
because I ask him if he would like to
drive up to Spokane this weekend and
shop around for a Lexus automobile,
meaning one of the high-end models.
He looks at me wide-eyed. "Those things
cost a lot, like 40K or something. I'm a
part-time barista."
"Yes," I replied, "but you would look
cute together."
"Wouldn't it be fun to have a Lexus?"
"Yes, it would be."
"Okay, what but you can't afford it."
So, let's walk through this
deliberately. And I'm
and I I know that some of you are going
to feel like I'm pouring cold water in
your soup and that's because I am.
Right?
And with and with no apology, your soup
needed some cold water. So, financial
responsibility is just part of it.
Looking ahead includes all the other
issues as well. Emotional expenditures
can be just as costly as monetary ones.
Now, imagine a big room and all the
unmarried guys are on one side of the
room and all the unmarried gals on the
other side. In between the two groups is
a zone which I call the zone of
vulnerability, the zone of
vulnerability.
This is defined as the zone which, if
you enter, you cannot leave without
somebody getting hurt.
All right? That's the zone. You've got
guys over one side, girls on one side.
If a couple gets in the zone, that zone
is defined as if someone says, "No, this
is not going to work," someone is hurt.
Now, that's not the same thing as
someone is disappointed. You could have
a courtship where everybody was
honorable and nobody was being stupid
and it didn't work out, someone called
it off, and you could be disappointed,
but disappointed is not the same thing
as devastated. Not the same thing as
taken down. So, if a couple is way
inside the zone and way tangled up, they
cannot get out again without both of
them being devastated. These crack-ups
are often just divorces without the
attorney's fees.
All right? It they get way tangled up
and they have no assurances of anything,
they break up, and it's devastating.
Also, keep in mind,
there's another scenario. Keep in mind
that there are instances where a pretty
girl smiles at a guy and he's in the ICU
for 3 days.
When he gets out, he is completely in
the zone. She cares.
That is not a relationship problem. That
is what we call a personal problem.
He's the kind of guy that falls in love
with models in catalogs and
that's not
the couple have nothing to work out.
That's not a
not a relationship thing. That's a
personal thing. And it goes the other
way, too. Uh uh
a girl who's doing that. That's a
different subject for a different time.
But don't mis- don't mistake the point.
It's not like the zone of vulnerability
is a bad thing. Most of the people here
in this room are married, which means
that most of you are in the zone. We are
designed by God to live within that
zone. That's where we're supposed to
live our lives. We are supposed to love
and to love others is to be vulnerable.
You cannot love others without being
vulnerable.
But God does not want us in there
without being tied off uh with a safety
harness. He wants us there to be When we
are there, he wants us to be tied off
with a safety harness. That safety
harness is called a covenant. That
safety harness is called a covenant made
before God and man.
The scriptures treat marriage as a
covenant. Proverbs 2:17 and Malachi
2:14. In Proverbs 2:17, it's talking
about a woman who's being faithful
faith- faithless to the covenant of
marriage. And then in Malachi, it's
talking about husbands who are being
faithless to the covenant. But both of
them are violating a covenant. The
covenant is symbolized in our culture
with a ring. You you gather a church you
you invite guests, you gather in a
church, you take solemn vows before God
and man, and you promise that you are
going to stick by this person till death
do you part. That's the safety harness.
That's the covenant. And you're calling
God to witness that you are not going to
change your mind.
Uh
sickness, health, richer, poorer, all
right, it doesn't matter. You're making
this promise. You're making this
commitment. So,
if there is no covenant, you have no
business being inside that zone.
If there is no covenant, no business
being It's just stupid to go into the
zone.
You know, remember a few years ago being
at the Grand Canyon with a fence there
and and signs on the fence, "Don't go
beyond this fence." And sure enough,
there are people beyond the beyond the
fence and they fall off regularly.
So, you have no business going past this
uh
this boundary
if there isn't a covenant. So, prior to
that time, prior to the covenant, which
we would call engagement or marriage,
guard your heart. Guard your heart.
Don't be the kind of person who runs
into the zone just because someone was
polite to you. Um don't drift into the
zone with someone that you get along
with. You hit it off together and you
like chatting, you like being uh like
being together. And so, you're together
more and more and more and all of a
sudden,
there you are.
Now,
well, how do you know if you're ready to
get into that zone?
Well, it's this is an issue of maturity,
growing up into maturity. But this is
another area where we misunderstand what
maturity is, what maturity feels like,
what maturity is like.
So,
maturity.
We're all familiar with the kind of
conversation that an older teen
frequently has with his or her parents.
I'm guessing that many of you have had
this conversation.
Dad, I'm 18 now and I think that I
should   .
I'm 18 now and I think that I should
We can all finish that sentence for
them.
The way it usually goes is that the
young person will appeal to their age
now as the basis for additional
privileges.
We have grown older and now that I'm
older, I would like to ask for the
privileges of this age that I've now
attained to.
This is baked into the heart of man. We
always tend to reach for the privileges
first. We reach for the privileges
first. That's just natural. But what
would actual Christian maturity do?
What would actual maturity do if a if a
young person is actually growing up into
maturity, what would happen? What would
actual maturity ask for? Dad, I'm 18 now
and they're bracing themselves. They
know how this goes. Dad, I'm 18 now. I
was wondering if I could start
contributing something to the car
insurance payments.
Mom rushes over, feels his forehead, "My
poor baby, what have you done with my
son?"
You might have your sister standing by
in the next room with smelling salts for
your mom.
Uh
what Why would this be so unusual?
Well, because it cuts against the grain
of our natural bent towards selfishness.
All right,
the same principle You can see the same
principle in other settings. You see you
you're shopping for something and you
see the little fish in the window of the
of the shop and you think, "Oh, a
brother.
Maybe they'll give me a discount."
Instead of, "Oh, a brother. Maybe I'll
add 10%.
When they invoice me, I'll add some I'll
add some money. Give him a break because
he's a brother." No, we always think in
terms of getting a break instead of
giving a break. We we tend to Okay, how
can this benefit me? Well,
if you're growing up into
genuine maturity, young people, you are
This is going to be evidenced by taking
responsibility.
Taking responsibility for more and more
things.
And authority flows to those who take
responsibility.
Authority flees those who try to evade
Um Mom, Dad, I want all the privileges
of being
uh you know, the son is taller than Mom
now. I want all the privileges of being
taller. I want all the privileges of
being this age. I want all the
privileges, but I don't but when it
comes to paying for it, I want to just
be a kid.
But that's not how the world works. All
right, it it all has to go authority,
responsibility, maturity, privileges, uh
all of this. It's a package. It goes
together.
Now, marriage, which is where this is
all headed, marriage is the total
package. Marriage is the total package.
A permanent attachment to a husband or a
wife in marriage is among the greatest
earthly blessings that God has given to
us. There are many earthly blessings. He
showered us with blessings, but marriage
is one of the greatest. Now, done wrong,
it's one of the worst. All right, the
uh the devil is a fallen angel. When
it's done wrong, when you're when you're
mishandling it, when you're approaching
it with selfishness and immaturity,
marriage can be awful, just awful. But
that's not how it's designed to
function.
It is a state that everybody should
aspire to. All right, it's a state we
should aspire to. There's nothing wrong
with being ambitious for marriage.
There's nothing wrong with being
ambitious for marriage. But a mature
ambition for marriage is ambition that
is aimed at the total package.
Real
real maturity when it comes to being
ambitious for that married state is
something that is aimed at the total
package. And this means for the
responsibilities first and for the
privileges that come along with it.
You're aiming for the responsibilities
and you remember what I said earlier
about provision, providing,
anticipating.
You're if
if a young man says, "I I just want to
be married. I just I love her. I just
want to be around her." And and I say,
"Why why do you want to be around her?"
If he says, "Because I because I want to
listen all the time to her silvery
laugh." Uh that is wanting the privilege
first. That's just Now, nothing wrong
with her silvery laugh. Nothing wrong
with you noticing that it's a silvery
laugh. Nothing wrong with wanting to be
around it. But the total package means
you should say, "Because I want a a
house and a driveway to shovel and and I
want a mortgage and I want to be I want
I want to have to hang curtain rods when
I don't feel like hanging curtain rods."
And you say, "That's That's the total
package. I I want to have a job that is
frequently no fun at all because I've
got mouths to feed."
And this is this is ambition for the
real world as opposed to the ambition
for the make-believe world that is an
artificial world that you can some call
sometimes called the dating scene. The
dating scene is if it's dating and
courtship, if it's preparation for
marriage, if it's real world, real life
dating, real life courtship, then
it's there's a um
consistency between that and what's
coming.
But there's also an artificial carve-out
like life in high school. And life in
high school is where you you're grabbing
all the privileges. You get to be with a
pretty girl. You get to go out You get
have companionship. You like it's Why
why do people want to seek out Why do
Why do guys want to seek out the company
of the girl they like and vice versa?
Why?
Because it's fun.
All right, it's pleasant. It's pleasant.
But if all you do is veer toward that
which is pleasant and you don't
understand how the world functions, what
you're doing is gearing yourself up for
a great deal of unpleasantness, a great
deal of unhappiness, a great deal of
misery. So, if a young person is girl
crazy or guy crazy, this is a
disposition that is antithetical to any
wise relationship. This is a mentality
that is only aware of the privileges,
mostly tied up with how cute and
pleasant the other person is.
This is because the privileges are all
very visible
and they are the only thing that the
simpleton sees.
They are the only thing that the
If you're looking at your folks
and you say, "Well, Dad's married. Mom's
married." Yes, they're married. And if
they've got a great relationship and I
would like to have that kind of
relationship. Great, you should want to
have that kind of relationship. Do you
also notice how hard your dad works?
You see that?
Are you working that hard?
All right, simple question. You've got
You've got a uh limited uh limited realm
of assignments. Are you shirking them?
Are you doing them? Are you doing your
school work? Are you Are you providing?
You You say, "I don't I don't have a
wife or a family yet to provide for."
No, you don't have to have a wife or a
wife on the premises to provide for her.
You don't have to have that at all. You
can provide for her now.
Do your homework.
All right, do the work that's assigned
to you. Do what's in front of you. All
your duties are in the next 10 minutes.
All your duties are in the next step.
So, the simpleton doesn't see that and
all he wants in the moment is that which
is pleasant and he wants to put off the
responsibilities, if he thinks about
them at all, to sometime mañana.
So, remember that every married couple
has the example of Christ and the church
set before them.
There's Ephesians 5 and other places.
The example of Christ is set before
husbands and wives. Husbands, love your
wives as Christ loved the church and
gave himself for her. Ephesians 5:25.
So,
that's not the privilege, right?
Ultimately, when you zoom out far
enough, yeah, it's a privilege, but it's
a privilege to take responsibility.
Husbands, love your wives as Christ
loved the church and gave himself for
her. Husbands, are you boys, young men,
are you growing up into the kind of
person who would lay down their life
willingly for somebody else?
And that you're going to measure that by
how willing you are to lay down your
desires, your life, your um your
inclinations now, in the in the present.
Husbands, love your wives as Christ
loved the church and gave himself for
her. Wives, honor your husband the way
the church honors Christ.
Ephesians 5:22.
And this means that all the unmarried
young people have the additional
blessing of imitating the godly
Christian couples throughout our
community, imitating them as they
imitate Christ, which is 1 Corinthians
11:1. So, all the married couples here
are charged, "Husbands, love your wives
as Christ loved the church, and wives,
respect your husbands. Don't
don't trash talk them, don't complain
about them, don't get together with the
girls and and complain about what your
husband did or didn't do. You honor and
respect your husband. Husbands, you lay
down your life, you lay down your
inclinations, you give yourself away for
your family. And you're doing that, and
that is you have the example of Christ
and the church in scripture, and you're
imitating that. But all the young people
here have have the privilege, and it is
a privilege, of looking at you and
imitating you as you're imitating
Christ, as you're as you're conforming
to God's word, as you're setting a
pattern or an example.
People don't know it One of the
principal ways we learn how to do things
is through imitation. That's how That's
how knowledge becomes instinctive.
That's how knowledge gets down into the
bones. When you can't explain how you
know how you
You can't explain how you know how to do
that. All right, what Why Why did you do
it that way? Well, I I don't know. I I
just grew up in a family that was good
with that sort of thing, and it just
seems instinctive to me. It's Well,
that's the way it ought to be.
Good, sound,
holy marriages ought to be on display in
our community, and young people should
be watching them. Young people should be
seeing a pattern.
And you young ladies should be looking
to the older women to learn as it says
in Titus 2. Uh the older women should
instruct the younger women on how to
respect and honor husbands. And young
men, you need to be looking toward the
men to see to see how to give yourself
away. Because remember, those who give
themselves away find it returned to them
30, 60, and 100-fold. In Ephesians 5, he
who loves his wife loves himself. Uh
when when men give themselves away the
right way, it returns to them. It
returns to them in remarkable ways. And
young people, you are you are instructed
to be watching that, to be looking at
that, and to see how it works. See
what's happening.
So, how you marry
is part of your Christian discipleship.
How you marry is part of your Christian
discipleship, and I'm not just talking
about the 6 months prior to your
wedding.
How you marry is part of your Christian
discipleship now.
Because what are you What are you being
called to do? You're being called to
provide, which means you're being called
to look down the road. I Remember I said
last week, become the kind of person
that the kind of person you would want
to marry would want to marry. What is
that? That's provision. That's
providing. How What can I do today that
will help me become the kind of person
that the kind of person I would like to
marry would like to marry? All of this
is provision. All of this is part of
your Christian discipleship.
How you first show interest in somebody,
how you conduct your first serious
conversations,
how you interact with her family,
how you walk through these months and
years, with however long it is, is a
path that God has prepared for you
beforehand. Ephesians 2:10. We are God's
workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to
do good works, which God prepared
beforehand for us to do. So, the good
work of getting married, the good work
of noticing a girl, the good
the good work of talking to her dad, all
of these things are part of what God's
prepared for you and laid out for you
before beforehand. And this includes
Follow me closely. This includes
flirting,
but only the kind of flirting that could
be offered up to God as a living
sacrifice.
Romans 12:1.
Your body is to be a living sacrifice,
which means the chair you're sitting in
is an altar, the car you drive is an
altar, the floor you're standing on is
an altar, the bed you sleep in is an
altar. Your body is to be a living
sacrifice. Everything you do with it is
offered up to God. And that includes
noticing a girl, that includes
initiating, that includes her
responding. All of that should be under
the lordship of Jesus Christ. So, and
some people are your closest friends are
going to tease you about it and say
you're flirting.
Fine, but it's a Romans 12:1 flirting.
But only if it is a Romans 12:1 kind of
flirting. It's something that will
glorify him. 1 Corinthians 10:31.
Whatever you do, whether you eat or
drink, whatever you do,
it should all be done to the glory of
God.
So, that would be the kind of What kind
of
holy flirting, what kind of godly
flirting might this be? That would be
the kind of flirting that knows where
it's going.
It's not You're not just instinctively
doing this because it's fun to do. It
knows where it's going. You thought
ahead. You're looking down the road. You
know where this is know where this is
headed.
It has to be in hot pursuit of the total
package.
Hot pursuit of the total package, not
partial. You don't want to be like a dog
that chases fire trucks and doesn't know
what to do when it catches it.
I was talking to a young man one time
many year many many years ago, and he
could not have done a finer job of
getting a girl to fall in love with him
than he had done. All right, it was it
was a piece of a work of art, you know,
flowers, pursuit. He He just did it all.
And then after he had gotten to the
point where if he had said, "Will you
marry me?" she would have said, "Yes,
what took you so long?"
At that point, he came to me and said,
"How do you know if a girl's the right
one?"
You're asking the wrong question at the
wrong time right question at the very
wrong time. You need to You need to have
worked that through long before. So,
there's nothing wrong with what he was
doing. If he knew what he was doing,
what he was doing was fine. But he
didn't know what he was doing. He was
just instinctively Guys are built to
initiate, girls are built to respond. If
a guy shows interest, there's something
in in
provided he's not a creeper or just
weirdo. If a guy initiates, there's an
instinctive pull. You want to respond.
And if a girl's attractive, guys want to
initiate. And that by itself is not a
good enough reason.
You
You can't initiate because you have that
impulse. You're going to have that
impulse multiple times. And it's not a
good enough reason to respond if just
because he initiated.
So,
instinct, just that that instinctive
built-in thing, there's nothing wrong
with it. It's part of the apparatus.
It's part of the total package. But that
by itself is insufficient.
So, otherwise,
Song of Songs 2:7, "Do not awaken love
before the time."
Do not awaken love before the time. You
should be thinking about awakening it at
the right time, and you should be
thinking about how you're going to do
that when the time comes, and you should
be thinking about what you're going to
do today and tomorrow that is going to
equip you when that time comes.
Everything Everything you're doing
Everything you're doing in your life is
either preparing you for that to help
you do it better, or preparing you to
help you do it worse.
There's no There's no way you can just
sit loose and not think about it and not
have that be a preparation for
something. It's going to be a
preparation for a bad job. If you're
doing a bad job now, that's preparation
for a bad job in the future. If you're
doing a good job now, that's preparation
for a good job in the future. So,
do not awaken love before the time. Song
of Songs 2:7. If you're not going to
cook the roast, then don't preheat the
oven.
Our Father in God, we thank you for your
goodness to us. We thank you for your
word. We thank you for how you've
created us male and female. We thank you
for the gift of marriage.
We thank you for all the young people
that we have in our congregation, and I
pray that this would be an aid and a
help to them
as they are
providing for themselves, as they are
thinking ahead, as they're looking down
the road. I pray, Father, that you would
bless us as we repeat back to you the
words that Jesus taught us to pray,
saying,
Let's pray and thank God for these
prayers and for these tithes and
offerings.
Father, we thank you for these tithes
and offerings, and we ask that you would
pour out your blessing on those who have
given this offering, and that you would
pour out your wisdom on the steward of
these offerings. In Jesus' name, amen.
You may be seated.
As a quick reminder, all who are
baptized in the name of the Father, Son,
and Holy Spirit, and who are not under
church discipline with their local
congregation, are welcome at this table.
We all look forward to the day when we
are raised to new life, and we get to be
free of sin and its effects on mankind.
We all eagerly await the day that we get
to see Jesus face to face where there
will be no pain, no tears, no death. It
is a good thing to look forward to the
resurrection.
But sometimes, because we long for the
resurrection, we can be tempted to grow
tired of the means of grace that God has
given us in the meantime by which we can
behold him.
Those means being the word of God and
the sacraments.
And but we ought not to grow tired of
the word preached and the inanimate
bread and wine found in this table
because it is through the word and
through the sacraments that we get to
partake in the resurrection on the final
day.
As a matter of fact, we can say with
confidence that without the word and the
sacraments and the sovereign work of the
Holy Spirit, the risen Christ could walk
into this very room right now and we
would be none the wiser.
We know that because this is what
happened on the day Jesus rose. In Luke
24, the risen Christ appears to two
disciples and they have no idea who he
is.
It's not until he proclaims the truth of
the scriptures to them and takes bread,
breaks it, gives thanks, and gives it to
them that they realize that they are
talking to the resurrected Jesus.
As we long for the resurrection, it is
important that we do not become blind to
the Christ that stands before us right
now in the word and here on this table.
So, come in faith and welcome to Jesus
Christ. Let's pray.
Heavenly Father, by this sacrament you
signify to us the crucified Son.
The bread as his body and the wine as
his blood as he was broken and bled for
us.
Thank you for this bread and wine, signs
and seals of your sacrifice for us.
We ask that through this sacrament,
which demonstrates death, that you would
give us resurrection life knowing that
if we partake of this sacri- of his
sacrifice, we also partake of his
resurrection.
As we partake in faith, make us more
faithful to your Son, Jesus Christ, who
now lives and reigns with you in the
Spirit, one God, world in world without
end, and amen.
So, the charge is this, a final word to
you young people from
Pastor Buzzkill.
>> [laughter]
>> What do we do What are we supposed to
do? What am I supposed to do for the
next desolate 10 years?
Well, it's not 10 years and it's not
going to be desolate. There are all
kinds of things that you can do in
groups. You can get to know your
brothers and sisters in the Lord as
brothers and sisters and you can get to
know them very well in groups and make
sure that you don't uh
make sure the numbers are odd and even
so you don't you're not paired four and
four because then you've got this
imaginary double date going quadruple
date going. Don't do that. Just but
spend time in wholesome, godly places in
classroom, school work, get-togethers at
at homes. You can get to know one
another in good and healthy and
wholesome ways with and while at the
same time guarding your heart. And
you're going to understand a lot more
about these other people learning from a
safe distance than you would in close
quarters. And with believing hearts,
receive the benediction of your God.
Now to him who is able to do exceedingly
abundantly above all that we ask or
think according to the power that works
in us, to him be glory in the church by
Christ Jesus to all generations forever
and ever. Amen. Amen.